Guys, I'm going to Muse, boss is asking for me.
What?
Isn't your boss crossing the line now?
Calling you out this late?
As his personal assistant, it's unavoidable.
Can you quit the scrying?
Yeah.
Should we come with you?
It's unsafe out night.
Yeah, you've got to have a big man like me to protect you.
Ouch.
It's my job.
I can't have your company every time.
Don't worry, guys.
I'm invincible.
Okay.
Be careful.
Bye.
See ya.
Miss White has been a long time and missed you a lot.
Mr. Smith, you lied to me?
How dare I lie to you?
Do you want to make a move?
What do you mean?
You're Mr. Miller's wife cheated on him and is spreading like wild fire in our circle.
Now many women want to win him over, but they have no chance to beat him.
But you are different.
You're with him every day.
This is your chance.
You better keep your mouth shut.
Alice's money is good looking and sexy.
And he never falls around.
Don't you have the slightest idea to marry him?
No, Mr. Smith.
If you don't want me to lose my job, please be cautious it's your worst coming forward.
Mr. Miller?